wiki/tvb_fictional_countries.md, before:

# TVB Fictional Countries
## Warning: heavy cringe ahead (scroll down at your own risk)
### Were you looking for [TVB Fictional Islands](/wiki/tvb_fictional_islands.md)?

> ["I can't take it anymore."](https://youtu.be/Aq4iAoNd8l4)
\- Bright Side
(Quote from 7:37 of video)
(Disclaimer: The quote is from a content farm)

## Ng Wong Tat
![ ](/wiki/flag_of_ng.png "flag")

Flag of Ng Wong Tat sourced from https://youtu.be/40B0vdrFeV8.

![ ](/wiki/not_the_coat_of_arms_of_ng.png "Is this the cost of arms?")

Probably not the coat of arms of Ng Wong Tat sourced from https://youtu.be/wrT6F9QVvkQ.

![ ](/wiki/komodoStamp.png "stamp")

Komodo stamp sourced from https://youtu.be/lJaOhO8JYy0.

Ng Wong Tat (Chinese: 吳旺達) is presumably a country in East Asia. It *might* be an island and is probably located near Indonesia. It speaks [the Ng Wong Tat Language](/archival/languages/tvb-fictional-languages.md#ng-wong-tat-language) and Cantonese. There is at least one hotel and at least one restaurant[^1543]. The life expectancy is about 35 years old.[^2095]

In the forest area, the most advanced way of transportation is a wood raft, which tends to detach easily when the rope securing them is gone.[^2084] It is also highly illiterate with very few people who can write calligraphy.[^2095] It also has an unstable s**tcoin named the "吳旺達幣" which has increased in price for a while but then became worthless. This phenomenon had been widely likened to the eruption of a volcano and its aftermath cooling down.[^2242]

<!-- Cannot be verified | People there are stronger than usual. -->

### Geography

Ng Wong Tat is divided into two main regions: the forest area and the non-forest area.

The forest is inhabited by dark green/black lizards with CGI glowing red dots, labelled as <a href="https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Komodo_dragon">Komodo dr*gons</a> (probably mislabelled, but I can't be sure), which supposedly eats cockroaches[^2095], although "conveniently" they left out the close-up shot of them in both of their YouTube videos.[^2084]

The highest mountain in Ng Wong Tat is called "小巫山" (Xiao Wu Shan), which is adjacent to "大巫山" (Da Wu Shan). The gap between the two mountains is approximately 4 metres, and both sides are steep cliffs.[^1543]

The forest area is severely underdeveloped, while the non-forest area is more developed.

In Ng Wong Tat there are frequent volcano eruptions, and also an abundance of caves, which is what people use their aimbot for.

### Culture

The culture in Ng Wong Tat includes using <a href="https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=aimbot">aimbot</a> in real life (by shooting arrows at random people to indicate interest)[^2061], (Episode 2095) poking someone's face "lightly" as a lighthearted punishment, and (Episode 2084) eating without hands, which supposedly imitates a Komodo dr*gon but is probably scientifically inaccurate.

The work culture is also flawed, with everything striving to be as slow as possible. [^1574]

(Episode 2132) There is a furry community in Ng Wong Tat, where a person in a bear fursuit had once visited a restaurant after a typo in a contract which is supposed to invite a Komodo dr*gon instead. This part, though, is conveniently left undocumented in TVB's YouTube videos.

#### 多巫

There is also a ritual named the "多巫", where one would climb Xiao Wu Shan and jump over to Da Wu Shan in order to be promoted to a higher position, which only has a 30% chance of succeeding. If one fails, they will be caught by one of three platforms attached to Xiao Wu Shan, the higher platform causes the person to lose a leg, the middle platform saves the person's life, and the lower platform guarantees death. After succeeding, someone will dance around the person while holding a spear.[^1543]

### Politics

Getting hit by an arrow is equivalent to being engaged.[^2095]

Ng Wong Tat maintains a consulate-general.[^2084]

Because of the questionable state of tourism in Ng Wong Tat, importing sleeping clothes is considered illegal. If someone brings sleeping clothes, they must complete the AC9527 form to report their status daily, ensuring compliance with the regulations. Shoes may also be cut in half to ensure that illegal substances are not hidden inside.[^1543]

Exporting fertilised Komodo dr\*gon eggs is illegal.[^1567]

Komodo dr\*gons are supposedly used as bodyguards.[^2079]

<!--(Episode I forgot) Ng Wong Tat also has a translation officer who can speak Cantonese, Min Nan, Hakka, among other languages.-->

A komodo stamp is used as a symbolism for the president, and it is made of an unknown material which is unbreakable using a drill or a flamethrower. If the president is involved in a life-threatening incident, until the president is proven to be safe, the officer with the highest rank will become the temporary president.[^2150]


## 豺狼國 (K\*ngdom of Wolves)

![ ](/wiki/flag_of_aw_hell_naw_cringe.png/)

Flag of K\*ngdom of Wolves sourced from https://youtu.be/LGxMK6PX0as.
   
![ ](https://harjit.moe/images/1502563327965.png)

One of the typefaces used in the anime "Konosuba" is confirmed to be the font. Link: <https://harjit.moe/images/1502563327965.png>

[^2082]K\*ngdom of Wolves (yes I find it cringe), alternatively Cai Lang Guo (Chinese: 豺狼國), transliterated script "`Rᚹ∂𠃌⦛⊄Ｇ ⊄7 ⧖⊄∢⊅叾б`", is a fictional country. English and Cantonese are spoken, and occasionally English is written in <a href="/archival/languages/tvb-fictional-languages.md#wolf-script">a one-to-one cipher of Latin</a>. It might actually be the Konosuba typeface. Despite its name, only one "wolf" inhabits the country, and that "wolf" is actually a German shepherd. The entrance to the K*ngdom of Wolves is marked by a sign which is abnormally close to a steep cliff.

### Geography

The terrain in K\*ngdom of Wolves is mostly flat land, half of which covered by forests. There is a wide path in the middle of the forests devoid of trees. The sole exception is the area close to the entrance, which is a steep cliff which leads to flat land. In a specific area, there is an abundance of small caves which have CGI lava within.

### Culture
Most of the population practice <a href="https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=awoo">awoo (wolf howl)</a> all the time[^1], which is an integral part of the culture in K*ngdom of Wolves.

## 獅吼國 (Shi Hou Guo)

Shi Hou Guo (Chinese: 獅吼國, also 獅吼共和國) is a republic north of the K\*ngdom of Wolves, and therefore human trafficking exists.[^2082] Presumably it is a major exporter of coconuts.[^1059] They have history books.[^2082]

### Geography

The southern area of the country is a forest and is severely underdeveloped, while the northern area is slightly more developed.[^1059]

### Culture

Most of the population practice <a href="https://youtu.be/q42qi0Nmm24">jurasisi parak (do onomatopoeia of a lion)</a> a lot[^2082] [^1], which is an integral part of the culture in Shi Hou Guo as it symbolises peace and politeness, but if overdone, adverse consequences will happen.[^1059] For some reason, chocolate is also seen as a solution to all problems and conflicts.[^1059]

## 女兒國 (Nü Er Guo)

[^2113]It coexisted at the same time as Wu Duo Guo and Hao Duo Guo. There is also a commemorative 1:1 statue of a random person who went there as a model. My lawyer had advised me not to elaborate anymore on this section.

## 吳多國 (Wu Duo Guo)

[^2113]Wu Duo Guo (Chinese: 吳多國) is a fictional country. 28 years ago (presumably relative to 2023) a Superstitious Worship Basin idk what it's called was stolen by someone, which caused a war with Hao Duo Guo named by historians as "荔枝事變". It lasted for roughly ten years, until they realised the fight was all for nothing. It also has this <a href="/archival/languages/tvb-fictional-languages.md#wu-duo-guo-language">language</a> consisting only of swear words. Also, the country is prone to earthquakes.

## 豪多國 (Hao Duo Guo)

[^2113]Hao Duo Guo (Chinese: 豪多國) is a fictional country. Not much is known other than that it used to co-exist with Wu Duo Guo.

## 剛罕共和國 (Gang Han Republic)

[^2433]Not much is known.

## 哈多爾 (Ha Duo Er)

[^ytqa2]
![ ](/wiki/flag_of_ha_duo_er.png)

Flag of Ha Duo Er, recreated in ibisPaint X. Note that the pixel shape is supposed to be a triangle.

Ha Duo Er (Chinese: 哈多爾) is a fictional African country. Its national language is English, and it is a small country with a small population.</p>

### Geography

It is rich in natural resources, especially in 🦅oil🦅 and rare earth metals.</p>

### Politics

It has a specialised military ranked high globally. It has a lot of opposing parties, which makes its politics complicated and is a leading cause of many terrorist attacks.</p>

## 薩卡比亞 (Sa Ka Bi Ya)

The fakest country that's ever faked.

There is an island nearby named 秀亞島.

## 珊卡拉共和國 (Republic of San Ka La)

[^2495]
Not much is known about the Republic of San Ka La.

## 煞里阿哥共和國 (Republic of Sha Li A Ge)

[^2294]
Not much is known about the Republic of Sha Li A Ge.

## 魁非燕滅國 (Kui Fei Yan Mie Guo)
[^2609]
Kui Fei Yan Mie Guo (魁非燕滅國) is a fictional country acting as a scam corporation.

### "Space tours"
The country organises annual "space tours" costing US$500,000 per two individuals<sup>[cost per one individual?]</sup>, where five people out of around 1000 are chosen per year. The "tours" are falsified and consists only of a studio, despite claims that participants would be suspended 1000 km above ground for 4 minutes. There is apparently a website for the "tours". Critics of the "tours" have been threatened with sniper assassinations.

#### Criteria
Purported criteria: Written test and "physique check" including simulations of low gravity and vibrations (done by moving an elevator vertically), measuring body mass, elevator speed, and "other preexisting data".

Actual criteria: Social status and a lack of intelligence.

### History
Kui Fei Yan Mie Guo was attacked by a neighbouring country via nuclear bomb, causing chaos.

## Unnamed Countries

### Unnamed 1
[^ytqa2]
![ ](/wiki/flag_of_unnamed1.png)

Flag, recreated in ibisPaint X.

They have engaged in diplomacy with Ha Duo Er.

## References

[^1059]: Episode 1059, <https://youtu.be/Ru4jGPQO5MI>
[^1543]: Episode 1543, <https://youtu.be/nTz-xp42xOo>
[^1567]: Episode 1567, <https://youtu.be/0IxvsUvuIKw>
[^1574]: Episode 1574, <https://youtu.be/40B0vdrFeV8>
[^2061]: Episode 2061, <https://youtu.be/zbDCKnPNfF4>
[^2079]: Episode 2079, <https://youtu.be/JbdrZ-tTLvg>
[^2082]: Episode 2082, <https://youtu.be/LGxMK6PX0as>
[^2084]: Episode 2084, <https://youtu.be/uIR7JBHPtnk>
[^2095]: Episode 2095, <https://youtu.be/a91IuH587nQ>
[^2113]: Episode 2113, <https://youtu.be/0nl4Co9it_k>
[^2150]: Episode 2150, <https://youtu.be/lJaOhO8JYy0>
[^2242]: Episode 2242, <https://youtu.be/a7iFe454h2E>
[^2294]: Episode 2294, <https://youtu.be/LANt1aEHUik>
[^2433]: Episode 2433, <https://youtu.be/CeBFa7e3WgI>
[^2495]: Episode 2495, <https://youtu.be/GoVz8Jd-xjE>
[^2609]: Episode 2609, <https://youtu.be/JBVUVyZ8dOU>
[^ytqa2]:   Episode 1, <https://youtu.be/OmouIiAJVrg> (逆天奇案2)
[^1]: This is part of the official lore, I do not intend to offend anyone.</p>

Commit message:

Add information about Sa Ka Bi Ya in Anonymous Signal
Added details about Sa Ka Bi Ya's crime rate and living standards.

wiki/tvb_fictional_countries.md, after:

# TVB Fictional Countries
## Warning: heavy cringe ahead (scroll down at your own risk)
### Were you looking for [TVB Fictional Islands](/wiki/tvb_fictional_islands.md)?

> ["I can't take it anymore."](https://youtu.be/Aq4iAoNd8l4)
\- Bright Side
(Quote from 7:37 of video)
(Disclaimer: The quote is from a content farm)

## Ng Wong Tat
![ ](/wiki/flag_of_ng.png "flag")

Flag of Ng Wong Tat sourced from https://youtu.be/40B0vdrFeV8.

![ ](/wiki/not_the_coat_of_arms_of_ng.png "Is this the cost of arms?")

Probably not the coat of arms of Ng Wong Tat sourced from https://youtu.be/wrT6F9QVvkQ.

![ ](/wiki/komodoStamp.png "stamp")

Komodo stamp sourced from https://youtu.be/lJaOhO8JYy0.

Ng Wong Tat (Chinese: 吳旺達) is presumably a country in East Asia. It *might* be an island and is probably located near Indonesia. It speaks [the Ng Wong Tat Language](/archival/languages/tvb-fictional-languages.md#ng-wong-tat-language) and Cantonese. There is at least one hotel and at least one restaurant[^1543]. The life expectancy is about 35 years old.[^2095]

In the forest area, the most advanced way of transportation is a wood raft, which tends to detach easily when the rope securing them is gone.[^2084] It is also highly illiterate with very few people who can write calligraphy.[^2095] It also has an unstable s**tcoin named the "吳旺達幣" which has increased in price for a while but then became worthless. This phenomenon had been widely likened to the eruption of a volcano and its aftermath cooling down.[^2242]

<!-- Cannot be verified | People there are stronger than usual. -->

### Geography

Ng Wong Tat is divided into two main regions: the forest area and the non-forest area.

The forest is inhabited by dark green/black lizards with CGI glowing red dots, labelled as <a href="https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Komodo_dragon">Komodo dr*gons</a> (probably mislabelled, but I can't be sure), which supposedly eats cockroaches[^2095], although "conveniently" they left out the close-up shot of them in both of their YouTube videos.[^2084]

The highest mountain in Ng Wong Tat is called "小巫山" (Xiao Wu Shan), which is adjacent to "大巫山" (Da Wu Shan). The gap between the two mountains is approximately 4 metres, and both sides are steep cliffs.[^1543]

The forest area is severely underdeveloped, while the non-forest area is more developed.

In Ng Wong Tat there are frequent volcano eruptions, and also an abundance of caves, which is what people use their aimbot for.

### Culture

The culture in Ng Wong Tat includes using <a href="https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=aimbot">aimbot</a> in real life (by shooting arrows at random people to indicate interest)[^2061], (Episode 2095) poking someone's face "lightly" as a lighthearted punishment, and (Episode 2084) eating without hands, which supposedly imitates a Komodo dr*gon but is probably scientifically inaccurate.

The work culture is also flawed, with everything striving to be as slow as possible. [^1574]

(Episode 2132) There is a furry community in Ng Wong Tat, where a person in a bear fursuit had once visited a restaurant after a typo in a contract which is supposed to invite a Komodo dr*gon instead. This part, though, is conveniently left undocumented in TVB's YouTube videos.

#### 多巫

There is also a ritual named the "多巫", where one would climb Xiao Wu Shan and jump over to Da Wu Shan in order to be promoted to a higher position, which only has a 30% chance of succeeding. If one fails, they will be caught by one of three platforms attached to Xiao Wu Shan, the higher platform causes the person to lose a leg, the middle platform saves the person's life, and the lower platform guarantees death. After succeeding, someone will dance around the person while holding a spear.[^1543]

### Politics

Getting hit by an arrow is equivalent to being engaged.[^2095]

Ng Wong Tat maintains a consulate-general.[^2084]

Because of the questionable state of tourism in Ng Wong Tat, importing sleeping clothes is considered illegal. If someone brings sleeping clothes, they must complete the AC9527 form to report their status daily, ensuring compliance with the regulations. Shoes may also be cut in half to ensure that illegal substances are not hidden inside.[^1543]

Exporting fertilised Komodo dr\*gon eggs is illegal.[^1567]

Komodo dr\*gons are supposedly used as bodyguards.[^2079]

<!--(Episode I forgot) Ng Wong Tat also has a translation officer who can speak Cantonese, Min Nan, Hakka, among other languages.-->

A komodo stamp is used as a symbolism for the president, and it is made of an unknown material which is unbreakable using a drill or a flamethrower. If the president is involved in a life-threatening incident, until the president is proven to be safe, the officer with the highest rank will become the temporary president.[^2150]


## 豺狼國 (K\*ngdom of Wolves)

![ ](/wiki/flag_of_aw_hell_naw_cringe.png/)

Flag of K\*ngdom of Wolves sourced from https://youtu.be/LGxMK6PX0as.
   
![ ](https://harjit.moe/images/1502563327965.png)

One of the typefaces used in the anime "Konosuba" is confirmed to be the font. Link: <https://harjit.moe/images/1502563327965.png>

[^2082]K\*ngdom of Wolves (yes I find it cringe), alternatively Cai Lang Guo (Chinese: 豺狼國), transliterated script "`Rᚹ∂𠃌⦛⊄Ｇ ⊄7 ⧖⊄∢⊅叾б`", is a fictional country. English and Cantonese are spoken, and occasionally English is written in <a href="/archival/languages/tvb-fictional-languages.md#wolf-script">a one-to-one cipher of Latin</a>. It might actually be the Konosuba typeface. Despite its name, only one "wolf" inhabits the country, and that "wolf" is actually a German shepherd. The entrance to the K*ngdom of Wolves is marked by a sign which is abnormally close to a steep cliff.

### Geography

The terrain in K\*ngdom of Wolves is mostly flat land, half of which covered by forests. There is a wide path in the middle of the forests devoid of trees. The sole exception is the area close to the entrance, which is a steep cliff which leads to flat land. In a specific area, there is an abundance of small caves which have CGI lava within.

### Culture
Most of the population practice <a href="https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=awoo">awoo (wolf howl)</a> all the time[^1], which is an integral part of the culture in K*ngdom of Wolves.

## 獅吼國 (Shi Hou Guo)

Shi Hou Guo (Chinese: 獅吼國, also 獅吼共和國) is a republic north of the K\*ngdom of Wolves, and therefore human trafficking exists.[^2082] Presumably it is a major exporter of coconuts.[^1059] They have history books.[^2082]

### Geography

The southern area of the country is a forest and is severely underdeveloped, while the northern area is slightly more developed.[^1059]

### Culture

Most of the population practice <a href="https://youtu.be/q42qi0Nmm24">jurasisi parak (do onomatopoeia of a lion)</a> a lot[^2082] [^1], which is an integral part of the culture in Shi Hou Guo as it symbolises peace and politeness, but if overdone, adverse consequences will happen.[^1059] For some reason, chocolate is also seen as a solution to all problems and conflicts.[^1059]

## 女兒國 (Nü Er Guo)

[^2113]It coexisted at the same time as Wu Duo Guo and Hao Duo Guo. There is also a commemorative 1:1 statue of a random person who went there as a model. My lawyer had advised me not to elaborate anymore on this section.

## 吳多國 (Wu Duo Guo)

[^2113]Wu Duo Guo (Chinese: 吳多國) is a fictional country. 28 years ago (presumably relative to 2023) a Superstitious Worship Basin idk what it's called was stolen by someone, which caused a war with Hao Duo Guo named by historians as "荔枝事變". It lasted for roughly ten years, until they realised the fight was all for nothing. It also has this <a href="/archival/languages/tvb-fictional-languages.md#wu-duo-guo-language">language</a> consisting only of swear words. Also, the country is prone to earthquakes.

## 豪多國 (Hao Duo Guo)

[^2113]Hao Duo Guo (Chinese: 豪多國) is a fictional country. Not much is known other than that it used to co-exist with Wu Duo Guo.

## 剛罕共和國 (Gang Han Republic)

[^2433]Not much is known.

## 哈多爾 (Ha Duo Er)

[^ytqa2]
![ ](/wiki/flag_of_ha_duo_er.png)

Flag of Ha Duo Er, recreated in ibisPaint X. Note that the pixel shape is supposed to be a triangle.

Ha Duo Er (Chinese: 哈多爾) is a fictional African country. Its national language is English, and it is a small country with a small population.</p>

### Geography

It is rich in natural resources, especially in 🦅oil🦅 and rare earth metals.</p>

### Politics

It has a specialised military ranked high globally. It has a lot of opposing parties, which makes its politics complicated and is a leading cause of many terrorist attacks.</p>

## 薩卡比亞 (Sa Ka Bi Ya)

The fakest country that's ever faked.

There is an island nearby named 秀亞島.

In *Anonymous Signal*, Sa Ka Bi Ya has a high crime rate as well as frequent wars and a low living standard. It is home to criminal organisations.[^anonsignal]

### K₃PC

The result of someone failing chemistry class.[^anonsignal]

## 珊卡拉共和國 (Republic of San Ka La)

[^2495]
Not much is known about the Republic of San Ka La.

## 煞里阿哥共和國 (Republic of Sha Li A Ge)

[^2294]
Not much is known about the Republic of Sha Li A Ge.

## 魁非燕滅國 (Kui Fei Yan Mie Guo)
[^2609]
Kui Fei Yan Mie Guo (魁非燕滅國) is a fictional country acting as a scam corporation.

### "Space tours"
The country organises annual "space tours" costing US$500,000 per two individuals<sup>[cost per one individual?]</sup>, where five people out of around 1000 are chosen per year. The "tours" are falsified and consists only of a studio, despite claims that participants would be suspended 1000 km above ground for 4 minutes. There is apparently a website for the "tours". Critics of the "tours" have been threatened with sniper assassinations.

#### Criteria
Purported criteria: Written test and "physique check" including simulations of low gravity and vibrations (done by moving an elevator vertically), measuring body mass, elevator speed, and "other preexisting data".

Actual criteria: Social status and a lack of intelligence.

### History
Kui Fei Yan Mie Guo was attacked by a neighbouring country via nuclear bomb, causing chaos.

## Unnamed Countries

### Unnamed 1
[^ytqa2]
![ ](/wiki/flag_of_unnamed1.png)

Flag, recreated in ibisPaint X.

They have engaged in diplomacy with Ha Duo Er.

## References

[^1059]: Episode 1059, <https://youtu.be/Ru4jGPQO5MI>
[^1543]: Episode 1543, <https://youtu.be/nTz-xp42xOo>
[^1567]: Episode 1567, <https://youtu.be/0IxvsUvuIKw>
[^1574]: Episode 1574, <https://youtu.be/40B0vdrFeV8>
[^2061]: Episode 2061, <https://youtu.be/zbDCKnPNfF4>
[^2079]: Episode 2079, <https://youtu.be/JbdrZ-tTLvg>
[^2082]: Episode 2082, <https://youtu.be/LGxMK6PX0as>
[^2084]: Episode 2084, <https://youtu.be/uIR7JBHPtnk>
[^2095]: Episode 2095, <https://youtu.be/a91IuH587nQ>
[^2113]: Episode 2113, <https://youtu.be/0nl4Co9it_k>
[^2150]: Episode 2150, <https://youtu.be/lJaOhO8JYy0>
[^2242]: Episode 2242, <https://youtu.be/a7iFe454h2E>
[^2294]: Episode 2294, <https://youtu.be/LANt1aEHUik>
[^2433]: Episode 2433, <https://youtu.be/CeBFa7e3WgI>
[^2495]: Episode 2495, <https://youtu.be/GoVz8Jd-xjE>
[^2609]: Episode 2609, <https://youtu.be/JBVUVyZ8dOU>
[^anonsignal]: <https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hk/%E5%A5%AA%E5%91%BD%E6%8F%90%E7%A4%BA> (奪命提示)
[^ytqa2]:   Episode 1, <https://youtu.be/OmouIiAJVrg> (逆天奇案2)
[^1]: This is part of the official lore, I do not intend to offend anyone.</p>
